Música por Jamie Paige / JamieP:

so unsure, before it's even heard
never confident in a single word
this bird, expert in the absurd
number one in life that has been deferred
it hurts this relentless introvert
but inversion only serves to put deserving on the mind
so i keep my time, so far out of line
and when the day turns night, i can't help but

cry so loudly, i slant devoutly
tell me what about me is built so wrong?
there's so much passion
but more i'm lacking
i wish that i could c- c- c- c- c- c- c- caw-

but i falter on the forethought
i keep on running like a chicken with its head cut off
achromatic twisted aeronaut
a BIRDBRAIN, baby, i don't know when i'm supposed to stop
hit me with the flap down, crash into the soft ground (foul!)
ain't no fellow feathers falling for a freak (so weak!)
so put my neck up on the chopping block
a BIRDBRAIN, baby, i don't think my head is coming off
baby, i don't know when i'm supposed to stop
baby, i don't know when i'm supposed to stop!

so unsure, before it's even heard
i can't toe the border with my eyes so blurred
this bird, constantly overturned
ten-time unwitting champion of being spurned
(so when you go, i won't cry)
'cause even though it hurts, it's the thousandth time
don't stay, cause I don't even know what i'd do anyway

i'm so damn selfish, i can't live like this
so be my witness, i won't back down
i'll play the hero, divide the zero
so i wanna hear you- s- say- something?

and i falter as an afterthought
i keep on running like a chicken with its head cut off
apathetic aching argonaut
a BIRDBRAIN, baby, i don't know when i'm supposed to stop
hit me with the flap down, crashing with a loud sound (foul!)
apoplectic and pathetic as can be (not me!)
i put my neck up on the chopping block
a BIRDBRAIN, baby, i don't think my head is coming off
baby, i don't know when i'm supposed to stop
can you tell me if you think that i should stop?
baby, i don't know when i'm supposed to stop!

is it all for a show?
in the golden hour you seem to know no fear
is it really true?
that a bird like me could never think like you?
is it all in my head?
is my ignorance just manufactured dread?
when i've naught but my pride
can you take a look and
SAY YOU LIKE WHAT I'VE GOT INSIDE?

so i falter on the second thought
i keep on running like a chicken with its head cut off
counterfeited crooning cosmonaut
a BIRDBRAIN, baby, i don't know when i'm supposed to stop
hit me with the flap down, mired in the earthbound (foul!)
bilious baby braying babble bent her beak (what a freak!)
i put my neck upon the chopping block
a BIRDBRAIN, baby, i don't think my head is coming off
baby, i don't know when i'm supposed to stop
can you tell me if you think that i should stop?
baby, i don't know when i'm supposed to stop!
baby- FUCK
