Música original por 32ki, versão inglês por Will Stetson:

Don’t reflect on feelings you don’t need!
Do you pretend you can’t see
All the certainties and even your own heartbeat?
That’s the way the safe zone will decrease
Your wounds are sold by each piece
Your cries are weakened completely

You know, I really gotta give a little tip, okay? For THE GREATEST ESCAPE!!!
While traps await, you are always gonna find another method to be saved every day
Now that it’s plain you are never gonna be sane, living in this world all the same
Maybe it’s better if you play really dumb and you say you’re giving in and fall away

If flowers in a bouquet, dressed in pretty lies
Can steal a heart in some way, are they real inside?
Where every single thing stains, I will save an invite till you’re tied up by my side

Bye, later!

You’re tailor-made for this day and age ‘cuz you’re powerless and look like prey
You are fooled by the way that this act behaves, and your beating heart has gone insane, it’s always resonating

Now, not a trace of your lives remain ;-; and your fortitude is growing faint
While you dodge and evade what is in your face, you are busy living all the same

Somebody, help me right away ^^♪

“Falling asleep, you’re falling asleep”
and MaybE you SeeMEd moRe dIZzy to mE
All you can be is muddled, indeed
But what do I see? Every trick up your sleeve?!
Swinging a dime in front of your eyes
Until you will find you’re frozen in time
“This is alright”
But even your mind is lured alive, right into shutdown

“Falling asleep, you’re falling asleep”
and MaybE you SeeMEd moRe dIZzy to mE
All you can be is muddled, indeed
But what do I see? Every trick up your sleeve?!
Swinging a dime in front of your eyes
Until you will find you’re frozen in time…

(Coercion Cancellation)

Through all the ways you survive this phase, it is unrewarding every day
You are caught in the chains of a bot-like game, looping on and on, it’s all the same, it’s always never-changing

You can’t embrace even luck or faith, so it’s meaningless again, in vain
If you can’t get a trace, give it all away
Having only what you call remains will be your fate, awaiting

You’re tailor-made for this day and age ‘cuz you’re powerless and look like prey
You are fooled by the way that this act behaves, and your beating heart has gone insane, it’s always resonating

Joy, all the same, doesn’t have much weight, and that charismatic charm is fake
If you stare hard and gape at the truth displayed, you will end up going blind someday!

So go and practice some restraint ^^♪
